Good morning,

Welcome to Adobe Experience Platform

Data Collection!

Data Collection provides a suite of technologies that allow you to collect event data from client-side
sources and send it to the Adobe Experience Platform Edge Network where it can be enriched,
transformed, and distributed to Adobe or non-Adobe destinations server-side in seconds! To access Data
Collection features your org administrator may need to grant permissions in the Admin Console.

Dismiss Learn More

Experience League resources for you

[J Documentation

Data Collection Overview

Adobe Experience Platform provides a suite of technologies that allow you
to collect customer experience data from client-side sources, and send it to
the Adobe Experience Platform Edge Network where it can be enriched,
transformed, and distributed to Adobe or non-Adobe destinations in
seconds.

[J Tutorials

How to Implement Mobile SDK

Experience Platform Web SDK is a single client-side SDK
that allows customers to collect and send mobile event
data to other Adobe applications and 3rd party
destinations through the Adobe Experience Platform
Edge Network.

[1 Tutorials

How to Implement Web SDK

Experience Platform Web SDK is a single client-side JavaScript library that
allows customers to collect and send web event data to other Adobe
applications and 3rd party destinations through the Adobe Experience
Platform Edge Network.

[mm] Documentation
Event Forwarding Overview
Event Forwarding allows customers to collect and send

web and mobile event data server side to non-Adobe
destinations including Google, Facebook, and more.

[I Tutorials

How to Implement Tags on Website

The perfect starting point for front-end developers or technical marketers
who want to learn how to implement the Adobe Experience Cloud solutions
on their website.

[3 Tutorials

How to Enable Permissions for Data Collection
Features

In order to access data collection features your org
administrator must enable permissions with the Admin
Console. This guide shows you how to manage
permissions for these data collection features.
